82 (. Of eng action: act, action, movement,) is a film genre of entertainment cinema, in which the continued transition of the external action of mostly spectacularly staged battle - and violent scenes is advanced and illustrated.
116 (unit sign: u for unified atomic mass unit, amu outdated for atomic mass unit) is a unit of measure of mass.
240 of actualis from Latin, "real", even actuality principle, uniformity - or gleichförmigkeitsprinzip, English uniformitarianism, is the basic scientific method in.
320 (Greek el, from Ancient Greek grc, - "together -", "tie", is meant "the heart bag attached") is a blood vessel that leads away the blood from the heart.
540 under the designation one summarizes the three lying in the northern waters alpenvorland units obersee, subsea and Seerhein together.
564 the (in Basque. Euskal Herria or Euskadi, span. País vasco, französ. Pays basque) is a landscape on the atlantic coast in the cross region of states spain and france.
730 or a bootable (short start medium) is a storage medium having one or more computer platforms the necessary content to allow a restart thereof.
770 symbols are a by charles k. In its basic coatings developed in the 1940 Pasigraphy, a collection of pictographic and ideographic characters.
775 the related areas of, library, information and documentation science all deal in the broadest sense with information and knowledge.
983 s (short cd, for compact disc), an optical memory, the early-1980s to the digital storage of music from philips / was introduced polygram and sony and should replace the vinyl record.
1082 (dom) is a specification of an interface for the access to html - or xml - document.
1098 in the mathematics is meant by definition or area that subset of a basic amount, statement for the respective context a well-defined is possible.
1118 is the name of the German nation state in the years 1871-1945 and at the same time the constitutional designation of germany to 1943 (from 1943 officially - but not officially proclaimed - the large German).
1142 is by German count (din 1355), the second weekday, according to the Jewish, Christian and Islamic count the third.
1286 as or enter area a cohesive area is referred to, from the moves something common to a center or a line-out.
1348 or euler formula, sources in some as relation, is an equation that represents pay a connection between the trigonometric functions and the exponential functions using complex.
1586 or the force is a British and US American unit both the energy and the torque (there also).
1598 principe - de - asturias wasp forrestal invincible 1991 dn - st - 92-01129s.
1640 is a university town, big circle city and mountain city about in the middle of the Free State of Saxony between Dresden and Chemnitz.
1953 (Psophocarpus tetragonolobus), also called wing bean, is a useful plant in the subfamily of (Faboideae) from the family of the (Fabaceae or leguminosae).
French conflict and the adjoining French Armagnac-Burgundian Civil War 1337-1453 called - in 2175 as (,) the anglo be.
2266 the short hrd, was developed in 1913 by henry norris and builds on work by Ejnar on.
2267 (short https for secure - transfer protocol) is a communication protocol on the web, in order to transfer data eavesdropping.
2349 (standard language: jod) is a chemical element with the element symbol i (before the international element symbol launch j) and the atomic number 53rd
2399 the Irish are in ireland put into circulation of the single European currency euro.
2754 the (cicer arietinum), whether real giggle, giggle Roman, Venus chick peas or field pea called, is a plant species of the genus chickpeas (cicer) in the subfamily (Faboideae) within the family of the (Fabaceae).
2824 the, command line or from the English command - line interface, short cli, often referred to as console or terminal, is an input area (interface) for the control of a software that runs typically (but not necessarily) in text mode.
2881 which are a substance group of chemical compounds which consist only of carbon and hydrogen and carbon chains - rings or combinations thereof form.
3302 is a listing of 110 astronomical objects, mainly galaxies, star clusters and fog.
3369 a, outside the German speaking period bulletin board system BBS called English for bulletin board / electronic bulletin board, is a mostly privately operated computer system that can be used by remote data transmission to the dial communication and data exchange.
3391 is a whitish, opaque solution or colloidal dispersion of protein substances, lactose and milk fat in water.
3540 newsgroups [njuːz & # 716; Grups] (engl., "news groups") are (formerly well off of the internet in self-employed (mailbox -) networks) virtual internet forums, where from a restricted subject area text contributions are exchanged (including news, articles or postings called).
3790 is called (from ital. Opera in musica, "musical work") since 1607 a musical genre of theater.
3817 as ovipar (Latin oviparus = eigeboren) are called animals that lay eggs.
3849 is a job title of people who have an appropriate university education in professional psychology (diploma - psychologists or master of science (psychology) or bachelor of science (psychology)).
3863 the (short word from the English "parallax second", German parallax or parallactic second, unit sign pc) is a unit of measure length outside the international unit system.
3960 [pɜɹl] is a free, platform-independent and interpreted script language, the multiple programming paradigms supported.
3978 a is a targeted, projects unique, consisting of a set of coordinated, guided activities with the beginning - there and the expiry date is performed taking into account of force with respect to time, resources (for example money or cost, production - and working conditions, personnel) and quality to achieve a goal.
4076 the (most commonly known as civil law) is a legal reserve, the relationships of law (not: economically) equivalent entities (natural or legal persons) between these groups.
4171 the (gr el Palaios "old" el to on "the existent" and -. Gy) is the science of the critter past geological eras (as cretaceous).
4176 (hydragyros, liquid silver ', which derived the lat. Word hydrargyrum (hg), name given by dioskurides) is a chemical element in the periodic table of elements with the symbol Hg and atomic number 80th
4541 is a chemical element with the element symbol sr and the atomic number 38. in the periodic table it is in the 5th period, and the second main group and therefore belongs to the alkaline earth metals.
4633 the (Chondrichthyes) (of give a wiki. Chondros = cartilage, grain + ichthyes = fish) are a class of vertebrates (vertebrata).
4912 the seven free (Latin septem artes liberales, rarely studia liberalia) are in the antique incurred canon of seven study fan.
4964 as ( "sphincter" Greek. Σφιγκτήρ, sfigktīr) is called in the anatomy of the vertebrate an annular muscle which can completely seal off a muscular hollow organ.
5064 a (tumors plural, colloquially tumors;. Of, la, m, overgrowth ', lump', swelling ') in another sense, any increase of the volume of a tissue of higher critters regardless of the cause.
5118 (from the Greek. Grc tele "far", "far" and grc páthos "experience", "action") is characterized by frederic myers designation for the ability to be able to detect phenomena without the traditional sense perceptions of space and time seem to separate.
5333 the inverse function or a bijective function is the function, the element of the target volume to be uniquely determined archetypal element assigns each.
5565 the [ˌwɜːldˌwaɪdwɛb] (short or www from the English for "global network") is an over the internet retrievable system of electronic hypertext - documents, so-called websites.
5591 which referred in the broad sense in Washington, D.C. (Usa) is moved World Bank Group or in the narrow sense, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development as part of this group.
5659 a is a star, which has a very small luminosity despite its indicated by the spectral high surface temperature, in hertz jump - russel - that chart is far below the home row.
5718 or the probability statement is a branch of mathematics that has emerged from the formalization of the modeling and the analysis of randomly happen.
5980 (Amharic ኢ ት ዮ ጵ ያ ityop̣p̣əya, Greek αἰθιοπία) is a state within the North - east Africa.
8113, Latinized from Ancient Greek grc Helene, was already worshiped in pre-Greek times as local vegetation goddess in Sparta.
8207 the (bacteria) (singular the bacterium, the bacterium outdated; by baktērion, rod ') form in addition to the eukaryotic and archaeal one of three fundamental domains, in which all are divided critters.
8390 the city was founded by Doric settlers from the Greek motherland by 660. Chr. under the name byzantion founded.
8414 is a sex hormone (androgen), which occurs in both genders, but it is different in concentration and effective, in man and woman.
8708 a (. From Latin vas, vasis vessel, crockery) is usually made of glass, porcelain or Pottery existing hollow vessel that the decoration, the set up of flowers or -.. V a in ancient times - the stock attitude serves.
8954 the - also Turkey - Turkish or Ottoman - Turkish - is an agglutinative and belongs to the Oghuz branch of the Turkic languages.
9082 (fr. Fr, "fall" on mlat. Decadentia, from lat. La, "sink") is an original philosophy of history concept, with the changes in societies and cultures as decay, demise or were degenerating unit interpreted and criticized.
9104 the (lat. = La star and - spectrometry for measuring) is the geometric subarea of ​​astronomy and as such, the counterpart to astrophysics.
9111 bedouin (of Badawi "not settled", "nomadic") refers to a nomadic desert dwellers (Arabic: al-Badiya, "steppe, desert ') the Arabian peninsula, the Syrian desert, the Sinai, in sharing the Sahara and in the Israeli Negev ,
9343 a designated frequency ranges, so in some areas of the electromagnetic spectrum of the electromagnetic waves used for technical communication.
9544 succulent (from the Latin for sucus, juice 'or suculentus for juice rich') are juice rich plants, which in particular climate - adapted and ground conditions.
9551 as an uninhabited atoll in the Indian ocean, west of Madagascar in the southern channel is located from Mozambique.
9700, for or urus (bos primigenius), is a species in its wild form eradicated the cattle.
10088 the or immune biology is the teaching of the biological and biochemical bases of physical defense against pathogens such as bacteria, viruses and fungi, and other foreign materials such as biological toxins and environmental poisons, and beyond of faults and malfunctions of these defense mechanisms.
10416 is the umbrella term for a spielart originally African-American, which is the end of the 1960 years from different influences of soul, rhythm and blues and has jazz developed, and turn music styles such as disco, hip - hop and house has greatly shaped and influenced.
10430 is one meridian (a perpendicular to the Earth's equator and standing of north - to south pole extending semicircular) from which is counted from the geographical length to the east and west.
10531 is a technical bauwerk that performs work by his wings shifted from wind in rotation.
10600 which the (Latin acta Apostolorum "did the apostle"; German abbreviation: apg) is a book new testament of the Christian bible.
10603 of the the or corinthian letter (lat. Epistula ad Corinthios i; abbreviation: 1 kor) is a book new testament of the Christian bible.
11086 u or metro (short form for subway and metropolitan) designated as a mainly underground moving, initially steam and later electric-powered rail vehicle as well as a transport system (→ transportation) of public transport (LPT, city traffic) similar to those also, but only partially transport underground or in tunnel driving as the s, roads or light rail, rope or cable cars and the railroads.
11097 the (Slovak slovenský jazyk) belongs together with Czech, Polish, Kashubian and Sorbian to the West Slavic languages ​​and therefore to the Indo-European language family.
11124 the (Petrophaga lorioti) is one of loriot signed, fictitious rodent that this 1976 in his sketch the (prof. Grzimek) as part of the second sequence of the television show presented loriot.
11163 the (actually geometry - triangle) is a combination of linear and protractor in the form of a right isosceles triangle.
11692 as (kl, or also English al = artificial life) is called by the people according to plan created systems that share a number of characteristics with natural critters.
11715 (. Short lfs, dt Translation: "from scratch") is a guide, with their help a - operating system from scratch from source stock, can be installed and configured.
11734 the Latin tunica, - ae f was a garment that was worn by the Roman antiquity to the middle ages of men and women directly on the body..
12126 the (kírrosis, yellow - orange ', by René Laennec coined concept) is the final stage of chronic liver diseases.
12166 are a Roman - Catholic monk orden, originated in the 17th century as a reform branch within the Cistercian order's.
12201 of (from the Greek. Διάκονος diakonos, servant, helper ') wearing a clerical office within the church, the diaconate.
12244 of (altertüml. Also clergy, clergy) is the totality of nationals of spiritual resistor (cleric).
12386 an antenna is a technical arrangement for breakout and receiving electromagnetic waves, often for wireless communication.
12561 (Greek.) Referred to in Greek mythology the dead god and ruler over the underworld, which was also mentioned.
12582 in the historical research is under the term in the narrower sense, the migratory movement mainly Germanic groups in medium - and southern in the period from the burglar hunnen to Eastern Europe ca. 375/376 that triggered so an aligned movement of other peoples in this space, to incident of the Lombards in Italy understood 568th
12688 an even DC motor, commutator or commutator machine, is a rotating electric machine that is operated with direct current or DC generated.
12739 systems are characterized by a variety of commands from, that are used to operate the shell operating system a.
12752 a is a machine that by expending technical working thermal energy from a reservoir at a lower temperature (usually this is the environment) receives and - together with the driving energy - as useful heat to a system to be heated at a higher temperature ( room heating) transfers.
13364 is a highlands, located on parts of southern Hesse, Lower Franconia (Bavaria) and Baden - Wuerttemberg extends.
13602 iq curve. svg | thumb | upright = 1.4 | iq - tests are calibrated so that the results are normally distributed approximately for a sufficiently large population sample.
13984 a is a metallic material, which consists of at least two elements, which have in common the metal typical feature of the crystalline structure with metal bond.
14105 [kaɾakas] (officially: santiago de leon de) is the capital and largest city of venezuela.
14774 the (- moment of movement power) - in the technology usually moment - is a physical size in classical mechanics.
15068 the ( "Snowies", in German sometimes Australian Alps) are the highest mountains of the Australian mainland, but not of the Australian continent, and include the highest mountain mount kosciuszko with a height of and the second highest mountain mount townsend with a height of at kosciuszko - national park.
15276 or transsexualism a man means that he physically clearly belongs to the male or female gender, but be perceived as, national of the opposite sex and aspires to be recognized as such, or to align their own body the other sex through hormonal and surgical treatment.
15616 a (. Bind off the German legal form: ag; Swed foreign stock corporations see below) is a private association.
15705 the (lat. La "make it similar"; plural: facsimiles) is a faithful copy or reproduction of an original, often a valuable historical document.
15858 is an abandoned spacecraft of NASA, which served the exploration of jupiter and the interplanetary medium and the asteroid belt.
16540 or maken - make - referred to in the germanistik a isogloss within the continental - West Germanic dialect continuum.